Docs/acf plots (#87)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/user/acf.md

> ### Auto-Correlated Function  Plots

Reviewer: I've always known it as correlation, I'll go check again though

`plot_acfs` simply plots Auto-Correlated Function (ACF) of the imaginary and real parts in the loaded in RAWACF file. 

Basic code to plot ACFs from a RAWACF file would look like:
```python
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import pydarn

> file = "20190831."

Author: woops

| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| beam_bum=0             | beam number to plot                                                             |
| gate_num=0             | gate number to plot                                                             |
| parameter='acfd'       | parameter to pick between acfd or xcfd plotting                                 |
| scan_nun=0             | the scan number to plot                                                         |
| start_time=None        | plot the closest beam scan at the start time (overrides the scan number if set) |
| ax                     | matplotlib axes object                                                          |
| normalized=True        | normalizes the parameter data with the associated power 0 value                 |
| real_color='red'       | Real part of the parameter line color                                           |
| imaginary_color='blue' | Imaginary part of the parameter line color                                      |
| plot_blank=False       | Determine if blanked lags should be plotted                                     |

> | blank_marker='o'       | the marker to indicate blanked lags are a dot                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| blank_marker='o'       | Choice of marker to indicate blanked lags are a dot (general python markers accepted)             |
```
? maybe

| legend=True            | plot a legend                                                                   |
| kwargs                 | arguments passed in matplotlib line_plot for real and imaginary plots           |

> For example, to plot blanked lags:

Author: Sorry, I don't understand?

> For example, to plot blanked lags:

Reviewer: The example shown is an example in the data where blanked lags are present so its like an example of what blanked lags would look like, rather than you telling the code to plot blanked lags specifically?
